Documentation changes for Laravel 6 upgrade (#446)
octobercms/docs: help-unit-testing.md

<a name="testing-plugins"></a>
## Testing plugins

> Plugin unit tests can be performed by running `vendor/bin/phpunit` in the base plugin directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Individual plugin test cases can be run by running `../../../vendor/bin/phpunit` in the plugin's base directory (ex. `plugins/acme/demo`.
```
